today was what is known as Super Tuesday
- it's the sequel to Super Tuesday 1
there were primaries in six states today
as of at this hour Biden one Mississippi
Missouri and Michigan the three
Democrats still running are Joe Biden
Bernie Sanders and I guess in case they
don't survive the coronavirus because
they're all Tulsi Gabbard does Tulsi
Gabbard know she's still in the race if
you only said one of those things where
you forget to cancel your health club
membership so Biden and Bernie both
cancelled rallies today because of
coronavirus the Trump campaign is saying
they are going to keep going they're
gonna proceed normally which would be a
first president Trump told reporters
today he's not been tested for the
corona virus but he does have syphilis
and he wants no he said he didn't have
he said it wasn't testable and and he
plans to continue shaking hands and
assured us that his immune system is
perfect many are calling it the most
beautiful immune system ever created the
White House says they have everything
under control which must be why they've
delayed the release of a report from the
Director of National Intelligence that
says the United States is not prepared
to handle a pandemic one possible reason
we might not be prepared is back in 2018
Trump fired the entire u.s. pandemic
response team to save money but he has a
plan this morning he commented on a
tweet going up fast we need the wall
more than ever this is - a retweet from
a guy who thinks the wall can help
control the virus which by the way there
are almost a thousand cases reported in
coronavirus in America you know how many
there are in Mexico less than ten so
he's right the wall would help to
protect them from us the president's new
chief of staff
is under quarantine mark meadows he just
started his job he's working from home
now there are congressmen in quarantine
senator Ted Cruz put himself under
quarantine he's out of the public eye
for two glorious weeks and today the
local Center for Disease Control issued
a special warning about that good
morning as you know senator Ted Cruz is
under self quarantine after coming in
contact with covin 19 early research
suggests this viral strain may have
originated in bats and as we know
senator Cruz is about like creature who
lurks in darkness and is covered in
parasitic worms that is why we are
urging the coronavirus to get tested
coronavirus if you display any symptoms
of infection as a result of contact with
Ted Cruz which include excessive
sweating losing sludge or an
uncontrollable desire to post your
favorite pornos on Twitter we urge you
to seek immediate medical treatment
thank you this is how some parents in
Memphis Tennessee are handling the
situation don't no matter one thing
Shadow BC and don't nobody want to take
that battery today house parents with
children at Treadwell middle and
elementary schools are not playing
around
many wipe their kids down and some even
sprayed them with disinfectant spray as
they took them home Monday and I wipe my
shoes and backpack down when I got him
out of school shooting gave them closure
D some took more extreme measures
mom you are not dropping me off at
school today
[Applause]
the coronavirus is also having an impact
on America's gameshows wheel of fortune
and jeopardy announced they will tape
without a studio audience which I tell
you what for a show named jeopardy
they're surprisingly risk-averse its
Jeopardy without an audience will be
worried but even weirder would be no
audience on The Price is Right
[Music]
[Applause]
Greg Richardson come on you're the first
contestant on The Price is Right and now
here's your host
[Music]
they are not taking any chances at all
there are cancellations all over the
country Harvard is sending students home
they're switching to virtual classes for
the rest of the semester the Coachella
and stage Coast music festivals have
been Pope owned in Las Vegas they're
closing the buffets which that's now
this is when it's serious for me not
everyone is letting the virus rain on
their parade though the really important
events you will be happy to know will
still go on as scheduled and despite the
threat of the virus plenty of mass
gatherings still taking place western
France for example thousands of people
gathered yesterday to break the world
record for the largest ever gathering of
Smurfs right Gargamel's evil plan is
finally coming together you know I've
been trying to do something to help slow
the virus it's called the El bump and
it's really it is catching on you could
see here even Prince Harry is doing the
alp is he still Prince Harry or she's
just a guy named Harry now I don't know
but this is interesting the dutch Prime
Minister is album friendly too he held a
press conference yesterday to announce
their new no handshake policy still made
homeless critter is a good foot unit you
can le box talked about your guilt she
was whole only practice a variant about
Han escrita old Stan Mary stupid for not
for that Gotama script
yeah we made it nine seconds before
thinking that it's hard I don't know he
knows but everyone now seems to think
they're an expert on the coronavirus me
included I'm I know every day I get in a
group of people I speak as if I have
been a professor of immunology at
Stanford for 35 years everybody seems to
know at least something about this now
and knowledge as you know is power so to
share some of that knowledge to spread
it around we went out in the street we
asked people passing by our studio today
to tell us what they know about the
corona virus we're just out here talking
to people about the corona virus oh okay
yeah so what do you know I know that
it's bad I know it's new I don't know if
you could drink soup no go away
it seems to be very popular what do you
know about the corona virus its first
sunny here in the valley
explain it to me explain it to me well I
don't know nothing about the corona
virus what does it do what do you know
about the corona virus we've been given
a shot to our cattle for years
Crona virus vaccine for cattle scours so
it's been around forever p8 cattle cubes
and use kid and it's out you're safe
how many people have the corona virus a
[Music]
lot can you tell us everything you know
about the corona virus I'm not you
worried about it a president said is
just gonna go away someday so you know
it's not really that critical of a deal
I know it makes you coughing it's kind
of like pneumonia how is it different
from pneumonia I don't know that's just
what my dad says how is it different
from the flu
well it doesn't have to that's a good
question I don't know what are you gonna
stock up on I like wine and toilet paper
and so do you think that we should be
scared if you nasty you should be if
you're not washing their hands taking
care of yourself being clean not
covering your mouth when you cough and
sneeze if you just let down all that
oxygen is flying in the air then you
should be scared cuz I got a roommate he
never covers his cough I always had to
call him out
boy cover your mouth like I wasn't about
get on him what do you know about the
corona virus um there's someone from my
town that went to a father-daughter
dance and got a bunch of other people
sick what were they sick with the corona
virus they literally have it okay get
away from us good right no no seriously
go go away
[Music]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape